Store recording (#8492)
nextcloud/spreed: docs/recording.md

        + `400 Bad Request` Message: `call`. Call is not activated.
        + `403 Forbidden` When the user is not a moderator/owner.
        + `412 Precondition Failed` When the lobby is active and the user is not a moderator.

## Store call recording

* Required capability: `recording-v1`
* Method: `POPST`
* Endpoint: `/recording/{token}/store`

* Header:
| field                     | type   | Description                                                                                                               |
| ------------------------- | ------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `TALK_SIPBRIDGE_RANDOM`   | string | Random string that need to be concatenated with room token to generate the checksum using the `sip_bridge_shared_secret`. |

> | `TALK_SIPBRIDGE_CHECKSUM` | string | The checksum generated with `TALK_SIPBRIDGE_RANDOM`.                                                                      |

Author: @nickvergessen I didn't found other place documenting these headers. Do we have other way or place to document this?

        + `400 Bad Request` Message: `call`. Call is not activated.
        + `403 Forbidden` When the user is not a moderator/owner.
        + `412 Precondition Failed` When the lobby is active and the user is not a moderator.

## Store call recording

* Required capability: `recording-v1`
* Method: `POST`
* Endpoint: `/recording/{token}/store`

* Header:

| field                     | type   | Description                                                                                                               |
| ------------------------- | ------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `TALK_SIPBRIDGE_RANDOM`   | string | Random string that need to be concatenated with room token to generate the checksum using the `sip_bridge_shared_secret`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `TALK_SIPBRIDGE_RANDOM`   | string | Random string that needs to be concatenated with room token to generate the checksum using the `sip_bridge_shared_secret`. |
```

Reviewer: Still open

| `TALK_SIPBRIDGE_CHECKSUM` | string | The checksum generated with `TALK_SIPBRIDGE_RANDOM`.                                                                      |

* Data:

| field   | type   | Description                                     |
| ------- | ------ | ----------------------------------------------- |

> | `file`  | string | Blob of image in a multipart/form-data request. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `file`  | string | File with the recording in a multipart/form-data request. |
```

> | `owner` | string | The moderator/owner of room.                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `owner` | string | The person that started the recording           |
```

* Response:
    - Status code:
        + `200 OK`

>         + `400 Bad Request` Message: `invalid_file`. File in block list or invalid.
>         + `400 Bad Request` Message: `empty_file`. Invalid file extension.
>         + `400 Bad Request` Message: `file_mimetype`. Invalid mimetype.
>         + `400 Bad Request` Message: `file_name`. Invalid file name.
>         + `400 Bad Request` Message: `file_extension`. Invalid file extension.
>         + `400 Bad Request` Message: `owner_participant`. Onwer need to be a participant of room.
>         + `400 Bad Request` Message: `owner_invalid`. Onwer invalid.
>         + `400 Bad Request` Message: `owner_permission`. Onwer have not permission to store record file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        + `400 Bad Request` Error `invalid_file`: File in block list or invalid
        + `400 Bad Request` Error `empty_file`: Invalid file extension
        + `400 Bad Request` Error `file_mimetype`: Invalid mimetype
        + `400 Bad Request` Error `file_name`: Invalid file name
        + `400 Bad Request` Error `file_extension`: Invalid file extension
        + `400 Bad Request` Error `owner_participant`: Owner is not a participant of room
        + `400 Bad Request` Error `owner_invalid`: Owner invalid
        + `400 Bad Request` Error `owner_permission`: Owner have not permission to store record file
```

        + `401 Unauthorized` When the validation as SIP bridge failed

>         + `404 Not Found` Invalid room or brute force identified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        + `404 Not Found` Room not found
        + `429 Too Many Request` Brute force protection
```
